=head1 NAME

pyrocket - PyGTK control of Striker II and Dream Cheeky USB Missile Launchers

=head1 SYNOPSIS

pyrocket

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pyrocket> is a PyGTK application to operate the USB foam dart launchers
from Linux.  For some models, it has considerably more functionality than
the accompanying Windows(R) driver software.

The .deb installer will give user-permissions to the USB device. Automatic
detection of the launcher device and a joystick is performed at runtime. A
video window is also provided, in case you have the webcam-enabled device
or decide to affix your own webcam to the launcher.

=head1 HARDWARE SUPPORT

B<pyrocket> has been thoroughly tested on three devices:
* The "original" USB Missile Launcher sold by Dream Cheeky.
* The "webcam" USB MSN Missile Launcher sold by Dream Cheeky.
* The Striker II USB Laser Guided Missile Launcher sold by Ninja Gizmos

All hardware features are supported on these three devices, including the
Striker II laser control and sensors for position extrema on the Dream Cheeky
models.

=head1 BUGS

=item B<Spontaneous movement on startup>

With a joystick connected, the launcher spontaneously starts moving on startup.
It does this every time the program is run after plugging in the joystick,
until any one of the joystick buttons (including D-pad) is pressed (this can be
done at any time after connecting).  This is probably a bug in PyGame.

B<Workaround:> Press any button on the joystick after connecting it to USB.

=item B<Stuck limit switch>

The "right" limit-switch has been observed to stick in the "on" position.  It
remains so even after unplugging/replugging the launcher device.  This may be a
mechanical issue.

B<Workaround:> Enable the "Override" feature, then move to the right-most extreme
and back again.

=head1 AUTHORS

B<pyrocket> was written by Karl Ostmo <kostmo@gmail.com>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Reverse engineering of the USB control messages for each rocket launcher was
accomplished with SnoopyPro: http://sourceforge.net/projects/usbsnoop/

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any
later version.

On Debian GNU/Linux systems, the complete text of the GNU General
Public License can be found in `/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL'.

=cut
